Update from-sveltekit.mdx (#2407)
withastro/docs: src/pages/en/guides/migrate-to-astro/from-sveltekit.mdx

When you rebuild your SvelteKit site in Astro, you will notice some important differences:

> - [MPA vs alternatives](/en/concepts/mpa-vs-spa/): Astro sites are multi-page apps, whereas SvelteKit defaults to SPAs (single-page applications) with server-side rendering, but can also create MPAs or traditional SPAs. SvelteKit supports different modes for different pages.

Author: 'Modes' here is basically a shorthand for different combinations of the `ssr` and `csr` [page options](https://kit.svelte.dev/docs/page-options) and whether or not the client-side router is used:

* `ssr = true, csr = true` (default) — server-rendered HTML that is then hydrated
* `ssr = false, csr = true` — app shell with client rendering (traditional SPA)
* `ssr = true, csr = false` — static HTML with no hydration (usually unused, but good for testing your site works if JS fails)
* `ssr = false, csr = false` — nothing is rendered 🙈 

All these options (along with `prerender` and `trailingSlash`) can be set at a page level or at a layout level (and if that's the _root_ layout, they're effectively global, but overrideable, options), so you can mix and match different modes according to need. You can also disable client-side routing with the `data-sveltekit-reload` attribute on any part of the page that contains `<a>` elements.

We think this flexibility is an important differentiator! Perhaps this would be a clearer description?

```suggestion
- [MPA vs alternatives](/en/concepts/mpa-vs-spa/): Astro sites are multi-page apps, whereas SvelteKit defaults to SPAs (single-page applications) with server-side rendering, but can also create MPAs or traditional SPAs; you can mix and match these techniques within an app.
```

> - [MPA vs alternatives](/en/concepts/mpa-vs-spa/): Astro sites are multi-page apps, whereas SvelteKit defaults to SPAs (single-page applications) with server-side rendering, but can also create MPAs or traditional SPAs. SvelteKit supports different modes for different pages.

Reviewer: Thanks for the explanation! More frameworks should come with a see-no-evil mode 😄

I like this change. Suggesting a tiny tweak to avoid the semicolon but otherwise looks great!

```suggestion
- [MPA vs alternatives](/en/concepts/mpa-vs-spa/): Astro sites are multi-page apps, whereas SvelteKit defaults to SPAs (single-page applications) with server-side rendering, but can also create MPAs, traditional SPAs, or you can mix and match these techniques within an app.
```

> - [MPA vs alternatives](/en/concepts/mpa-vs-spa/): Astro sites are multi-page apps, whereas SvelteKit defaults to SPAs (single-page applications) with server-side rendering, but can also create MPAs or traditional SPAs. SvelteKit supports different modes for different pages.

Author: much nicer!

- [Components](/en/core-concepts/astro-components/): SvelteKit uses [Svelte](https://svelte.dev). Astro pages are built using [`.astro` components](/en/core-concepts/astro-components/), but can also support [React, Preact, Vue.js, Svelte, SolidJS, AlpineJS, Lit](/en/core-concepts/framework-components/) and raw HTML templating.

> - [Content-focus](/en/concepts/why-astro/): Astro was designed to excel at making content-focused websites. An existing SvelteKit app might be built for high client-side interactivity and may include items that are difficult to replicate in Astro, such as dashboards.

Author: per earlier convo

```suggestion
- [Content-focus](/en/concepts/why-astro/): Astro was designed to excel at making content-focused websites. An existing SvelteKit app might be built for high client-side interactivity and may include pages such as dashboards or use features like SvelteKit’s [form actions](https://kit.svelte.dev/docs/form-actions) that are more difficult to replicate in Astro.
```

- [Markdown-ready](/en/guides/markdown-content/): Astro includes built-in Markdown support, and includes a [special frontmatter YAML `layout` property](/en/core-concepts/layouts/#markdownmdx-layouts) used per-file for page templating. If you are converting a SvelteKit Markdown-based blog, you will not have to install a separate Markdown integration and you will not set a layout via a configuration file. You can bring your existing Markdown files, but you may need to reorganize as Astro's file-based routing does not require a folder for each page route.

> - SvelteKit has features like [form actions](https://kit.svelte.dev/docs/form-actions) that do not have a direct equivalent in Astro. 

Reviewer: Do you think it would make sense to fold this into the “Content-focus” bullet above that highlights how a SvelteKit app might be doing stuff that’s less easy in Astro?

Something along these lines:

```md
- [Content-focus](/en/concepts/why-astro/): Astro was designed to excel at making content-focused websites. An existing SvelteKit app might be built for high client-side interactivity and may include pages such as dashboards or use features like SvelteKit’s [form actions](https://kit.svelte.dev/docs/form-actions) that are more difficult to replicate in Astro.
```

Author: Yeah, that makes sense!
